feat(step-3): add content for tutorial (#1374)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/developing/web-components-tutorial/step-3.mdx

<PageDescription>

> Now that we have a nice setup with `Dotcom shell` and a few out of the box components such as `Lead space` and `Table of contents`, let's try to customize some of our more flexible components like `Content block`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have a nice setup with `Dotcom shell` and a few out of the box components such as `Lead space with search` and `Table of contents`, let's try to customize some of our more flexible components like `Content block`.
```

- [Content item](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-content-iten--default)
- [Card group](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-card-group--default)
- [Image](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-image--default)
- [Image with caption](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-image-with-caption--default)
- [CTA](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-cta--text)
- [Card section offset](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-card-section-offset--default)
- [Card in card](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/web-components/?path=/story/components-card-in-card--default)

All the components have implementation details in the linked Storybook Docs tab. The Docs tab has a link to the codesandbox example of each component, props table to showcase different variations possible, and other
key information. This is a great place to look back to if you're ever stuck.

> For more background on understanding how `Content section`, `Content block`, `Content group`, and `Content item` are used checkout the info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more background on how `Content section`, `Content block`, `Content group`, and `Content item` are used, checkout the info
```

<InlineNotification>

**Note:** We’ve included the designs for this tutorial app in the `design.pdf`
file found as a top-level file in the carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-tutorial repository.
We will finish adding the missing components from step 2.

</InlineNotification>

## Add Content block with Content group and Cards

First, we will need to incorporate the following imports in our `app.js`:

```javascript path=src/assets/js/app.js
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/content-section/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/content-block/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/content-group/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/card-group/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/image/index.js';
```

Next, to add another item to the `Table of contents` we want to add the following to the start of the `<dds-table-of-contents>` tags in `index.html`. As you saw in the previous step
we need to first add:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```html path=src/index.html
    <a name="1" data-title="Smarter decisions"></a>
```

> Since `Content block` is inside the `Content section` we will wrap `Content section` around `Content block`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will wrap `Content section` around `Content block`:
```

        <dds-card-heading>IBM Information Server on Cloud®</dds-card-heading>
        <dds-card-cta-footer cta-type='local'>
        </dds-card-cta-footer>
      </dds-card-group-item>
      <dds-card-group-item cta-type='local' href='https://example.com'>
        <dds-image slot="image" alt="Image alt text" default-src="./assets/images/WC-tutorial-example--analytics-services-card4.png"></dds-image>
        <dds-card-eyebrow>Data trust service</dds-card-eyebrow>
        <dds-card-heading>IBM® Master Data Management on Cloud</dds-card-heading>
        <dds-card-cta-footer cta-type='local'>
        </dds-card-cta-footer>
      </dds-card-group-item>
      <dds-card-group-item cta-type='local' href='https://example.com'>
        <dds-image slot="image" alt="Image alt text" default-src="./assets/images/WC-tutorial-example--analytics-services-card5.png"></dds-image>
        <dds-card-eyebrow>Data range analysis</dds-card-eyebrow>
        <dds-card-heading>IBM® Streaming Analytics</dds-card-heading>
        <dds-card-cta-footer cta-type='local'>
        </dds-card-cta-footer>
      </dds-card-group-item>
    </dds-card-group>
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> Congrats!!! You have now successfully implemented the first customized `Content block`.

Reviewer: let's keep it consistent with step 1
```suggestion
Congratulations! You have now successfully implemented the first customized `Content block`.
```

## Add Content block with Card in Card and Content group

> The next `Content block` will follow the first steps of the first `Content block`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next `Content block` will include `Card in card` and `Content group`, following the first steps of the previous `Content block`.
```

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```html path=src/index.html
    <dds-video-cta-container>
      <dds-card-in-card video-name="Gaining life saving insight 95% faster in the ICU" href="0_3v0uyp0b" cta-type="video">
        <dds-card-eyebrow>Emory University Hospital</dds-card-eyebrow>
        <dds-card-cta-footer cta-type="video" href="0_3v0uyp0b"></dds-card-cta-footer>
      </dds-card-in-card>
    </dds-video-cta-container>
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<InlineNotification>

**Note:** `<dds-card-in-card>` tags are being wrapped by `<dds-video-cta-container>` tags.
This allows the video to render within `Card in card`. You can try removing those tags to
see why they are necessary.

</InlineNotification>

Next, let's replace the `CTA` comment by slotting `Card link CTA` in the footer:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```html path=src/index.html
    <dds-card-link-cta slot="footer" cta-type="local" href="https://www.example.com">
      <dds-card-link-heading>Register for a free trial of IBM Analytics Engine</dds-card-link-heading>
      <dds-card-cta-footer></dds-card-cta-footer>
    </dds-card-link-cta>
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> Lastly, `Content group` has the last comment and following the design we need to add a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, `Content group` replaces the last comment and following the design we need to add a
```

      <dds-card-group-item cta-type='local' href='https://example.com'>
        <dds-image slot="image" alt="Image alt text" default-src="./assets/images/WC-tutorial-example--client-story-card3.jpg"></dds-image>
        <dds-card-eyebrow>IBM Cloud Pak for Data</dds-card-eyebrow>
        <dds-card-heading>Innocence tackles neonate mortality rates with AI</dds-card-heading>
        <dds-card-cta-footer cta-type='local'>
        </dds-card-cta-footer>
      </dds-card-group-item>
    </dds-card-group>
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Awesome, now we have successfully customized 2 `Content block` components!! Keep going!

## Add Content block with with Content group and Content items

The last `Content block` can once again follow the first steps from the first one.

First, add the following imports:

```javascript path=src/assets/js/app.js
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/content-item/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/image-with-caption/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/link-list/index.js';
import '@carbon/ibmdotcom-web-components/es/components/cta/link-list-item-card-cta.js';
```

> Now, add the anchor element for the `Table of contents` and `Content section` wrapping
> a `Content block` and the `Content block` will then wrap a `Content group`. The following should appear
> after the Main benefits of analytics `Card section offset` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, add the anchor element for the `Table of contents` and a `Content section` with a `Content block` and `Content group` within. The following should appear
after the Main benefits of analytics `Card section offset` section:
```
